in this old workshop in the
historical opel werk are located
our roots are more than 150 years
history and innovation
Here are automotive legends for the
road for the race track and for
automotive exhibitions studies or
Concept vehicles are important designs
for the future idea carrier pioneer
for the next generation of models
did you know that opel was the first
automobile manufacturer in europe was the
presented a study at a fair
that was the opel experimental gt er
was born in 1965 in Frankfurt on the iaa
presents this culture of
Concept vehicles as visions the
We are excited about opel
cultivated and developed further years
we're building one again
future design a study again
a whole generation of opel designs
will affect
she will make her world premiere on the iaa
in frankfurt in september you have
stands for opels basic values ​​German
Engineering precision and one
exciting design
and this car I'm in here right now
Fahr has a lot with this study
scam
Now I give them a little one
outlook on our future with this
study
we call them opel monza concept and
You are allowed a little look on it
great or if you see more
then visit us on the iaa
in September